In this section we will learn about how to debug HVM l code.
It is important that all programmers understand how to find and fix errors in their code as errors are
an unavoidable part of programming.
The quicker you become at fixing errors the quicker you will be able to write effective code.
First we will learn what debugging is we will understand common terms related to debugging and the larger
role that debugging plays in programming.
Then we will learn about some common HVM errors and how to fix them.
We will look at what each error means possible causes of the error and the approach for fixing the error.
Finally we will look at how to use an h m l validator to find errors in our code.
By the end of this section you will have a better understanding of common H.T. M-L errors how to fix
them and the ability to use debugging tools and techniques to figure out how to fix other errors you
may encounter during your journey as a web developer and the next lecture.
We will learn about what debugging is.